docs for 1.5.9 (#859)
featurehub-io/featurehub: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration.adoc

and `db-replica` parameters) but the corresponding `mr` will not.

== Async options for FeatureHub

If you use a streaming version of FeatureHub, you need an async layer and this has traditionally been NATS.
With the advent of Dacha2, the async layer is now a bigger topic. 

NOTE: If you use Dacha1, you do not need to change anything, the preconfigured settings are all normal.

To swap from Dacha1 (NATS only) to Dacha2 (all options), you need to set the environment variables:

- `dacha1.enabled=false` - tell FeatureHub we are no longer using Dacha1
- `dacha2.enabled=true`

=== NATS

The upside of NATS is simplicity and speed, it is the fastest product we test with by far. We do not use JetStream,
but you can configure it with JetStream if you wish. The downside is typically that your Operations team has to support
it and it is an extra cost to deploy. The Kubernetes charts for NATS are extremely good and reliable.

==== Communication
NATS communicates using a protocol whereby the clients essentially tell the servers about each other, but they
do have to be able to communicate. Please read the https://docs.nats.io/[NATS documentation] for more information. 

> If you have only once instance of a

Reviewer: typo? only "one"?

> If you have only once instance of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have only one instance of a
```

party-server you do not need to set anything. If you have deployed NATS yourself or are running multiple Party Servers,
you will need to set the environment variable:

- `nats.urls` - a comma separated list of NATs servers.

You do not need to configure anything further for NATS for Dacha1 or Dacha2. NATS supports request/reply, 
true pub/sub and pub/queues in a single product. 

=== Google's Pub/Sub

> For Google's PubSub, you will need to turn nats *off*. We consider Google Pub/Sub to be production ready as of 1.5.9.

Reviewer: change nats to NATS ?

> For Google's PubSub, you will need to turn nats *off*. We consider Google Pub/Sub to be production ready as of 1.5.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Google's PubSub, you will need to turn NATS *off*. We consider Google Pub/Sub to be production ready as of 1.5.9.
```

- `nats.enabled=false`

And PubSub on:

- `cloudevents.pubsub.enabled=true`

You will also need to tell FeatureHub what the topics are for publishing on. There is no harm in configuring these

> across all three applications:

Reviewer: If it is optional to configure across three applications, could we say that? Otherwise it's a bit unclear if it is mandatory or optional

- `cloudevents.pubsub.min-backoff-delay-seconds=5` - Edge and Dacha must be able to create their own subscriptions. Google PubSub is not actually "pubsub", there is no way for all connections to a subscription
to receive a message, so this delay reflects how long PubSub should wait before trying to redeliver the message. Edge and Dacha will delete their subscriptions when they shut down, so keep this low.
- `cloudevents.mr-edge.pubsub.subscription-prefix=featurehub-edge-listener` - the prefix used for subscriptions created by Edge 
- `cloudevents.mr-dacha2.pubsub.subscription-prefix=featurehub-dacha2-listener` - the prefix used for subscriptions created by Dacha2 instances

MR also needs an extra environment variable to tell it what subscription to listen to for updates from the TestSDK topic configured above (`cloudevents.edge-mr.pubsub.topic-name`):

- `cloudevents.inbound.channel-names=featurehub-edge-updates-mr-sub`

For testing locally there are extra fields if you are using the emulator - they are used in the `featurehub-installs` PubSub folder. To test in Google, we use https://www.pulumi.com/[Pulumi]. 

=== AWS Kinesis

> This is the support for AWS Kinesis. We are not fully happy with the performance of this, the polling only mode and the delivery jitter 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are now supporting AWS Kinesis however we are not fully happy with the performance, the polling only mode and the delivery jitter 
```

> This is the support for AWS Kinesis. We are not fully happy with the performance of this, the polling only mode and the delivery jitter 

Reviewer: Shall we start from saying "We are now supporting AWS Kinesis however we are not fully happy with the performance... "

means it is not passing our strenuous high performance testing harness. If you are evaluating FeatureHub and want to deploy on AWS, please contact us via our Website and consider

> working with us. As with PubSub, you must turn nats support off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
working with us. As with PubSub, you must turn NATS support off.
```

> working with us. As with PubSub, you must turn nats support off.

Reviewer: replace nats with NATS ?
